= Engineered

"Engineered" provides a minimal layer to help you to use and 
develop gemified Rails 3 engines. 

Ideally you should be able to add a gemified Rails 3 engine into your app Gemfile 
without much extra effort, maintenance or conflicts. In reality it's a bit
different story and kind of pipe dream to make or use high level dependencies. 

However in some situations with very careful crafting there is some nish for it.
By the way, I intentionally named it "Engineered", so you are constantly warned not
to over-engineer your engines and still keep main focus on greating application itself.


== Getting Started

It's targeting Rails 3 engines.

TODO: not released yet, hopefully very soon, currently in spike state.


== What you already get

You will get stylesheets and javascripts dirs under your engine directory,
what will be merged into master app. 

  engine_root/app/stylesheets/
  engine_root/app/javascripts/

Content will be compiled into single file under master public directory 
using Sass and Sprockets like following:

  master_root/public/stylesheets/complied/screen.css
  master_root/public/javascripts/compiled/application.js

This way you can include several engines to your master app and 
still keep master nice and clean without manual assets coping.



== What in plan / todo

* example engine app
* add rake tasks

Currently poking out if we should add other assets similarly as css/js 
are currently behaving. Personally I want to keep this gem as light as possible, 
so only must have features should be included, cos no-one would like to see 
bloated dependency itself.



== Contributing

You are welcome to contribute ideas and fixes.

Please use github issue tracking or send pull requests.


== Credits

* {Haml}[http://haml-lang.com]
* {Sprockets}[http://getsprockets.org]
* {Rack Sprockets}[http://github.com/kelredd/rack-sprockets]
